Lily Madwit
present.
All the other kids in class start
whispering, telling each other the same
stories about me they tell each time my
name gets called. As if everyone in the
school doesn't already know them by
heart.
Lily Madwip, the one girl demolition
crew. The girl who single-handedly blew
up her parents then drove her foster
family so insane they died in a murder
suicide.
Seemingly unkillable.
If she looks your way, you have to cross
yourself or you'll die within a week.
Unless you're Hindu or Jewish. I kind of
like that one. Sometimes I stare at the
other kids in my class just to watch
their reaction when they realize it.
Don't ask me how they came up with
suicide for Mrs. Lakes's cause of death.
I mean, the lady was missing several
bits and had burned to death in a very
localized fire that failed to touch most
of the things around it. Besides,
despite her eggy waffles, and she loved
her husband very much from what I could
tell, she definitely didn't deserve to
be remembered as a murderer. I think
anyone who really knew her knows it's
not true.
Last week, I sat down in a fairly bare
looking room at the police station with
Detective Guthrie right after he'd
finally got done listening to a doctor
explain to him that the dog he killed
had bones more like those of a human
than a canine. He wanted me to go over
the details of that day, the day
Passure, Nathaniel, and I sent Furer
back to hell. I told him again how Mrs.
Lake was possessed by a demon and an
angel had burned her to drive the demon
out. Of course, I continued to leave out
the part about using my powers to slice
her bits off. Passure said it would be
best to not include that. I agreed.
Guthrie listened to me tell him
everything and then started writing on
his little pad of paper he always keeps
on him mouththing the words spontaneous
human combustion. I asked him what that
meant. He said it's where a person
suddenly catches on fire for no apparent
reason. I told him that when the angel
of fire snaps his fingers, it's a pretty
good reason to catch on fire.
So to repeat what you just said, the
Archangel Nathaniel descended from
heaven into the lake's bedroom, snapped
his fingers, and burned Mrs. Lake alive.
He asked me, and then tip of the hat,
flew back up to heaven. He put his hands
together like a pair of wings and
flapped them up toward the ceiling to
represent this. No, like I told you, he
came in the front door, snapped his
fingers, burned her alive, then went
into the closet.
Right into the closet,
he said in that condescending tone
adults use. You know the one where
you're caught with your hand in the bowl
of cookie dough that your mom was
chilling in the refrigerator and you
tell them you thought you saw the
chocolate chips trying to escape and was
in the process of putting them back.
Well, it wasn't a closet at the time. It
was a portal to the other side.
Of course it was. At that point, he
sighed and turned, looking at the mirror
in the room for a bit, and then shrugged
and shook his head. I banged my fist on
the table, which hurt because it was
made of metal, and yelled at him in his
reflection. Why do you act like you
don't believe me? Huh? Oh, Lily's just
making up stories again. But then you
stopped me on the sidewalk and asked me
questions like I'm some sort of magic
eightball you can just shake and get the
answers you want out of me. Hey, Lily,
is my son going to join the baseball
team? I shook an imaginary magic
eightball in my hands and pretended to
look at it.
Reply. Hazy Guthrie, try again. Shake.
Shake. Outlook. Not so good. Or better
yet, how about no? He's not because he
hates sports and he wishes you'd stop
forcing them down his throat, but he's
too scared of disappointing you to say
it.
We sat there in silence for a bit while
Guthri's face slowly descended from a
smirk into a scowl.
He's made angryish looking faces at me
before, but this one was like someone
was trying to hold back a really strong
fart.
Finally, he snapped.
Lily, we've got an officer in the
hospital who may never see again. The
mutilated bodies of your foster parents
cooling in the morg. My friend's body is
down there with them, who I saw walking
around and had a full conversation
before he just dropped dead out of the
blue. His autopsy later showed that he'd
been dead for the better part of an hour
at the time. Not to mention that bizarre
mutation of a dog being dissected.
And your explanation for everything
involves mysticism, devil worship,
angelic interference, and magic.
That's fine for a child, but we need
hard evidence of what really transpired
so these people's loved ones can have
some closure.
With that off his chest, he pulled
something out of his little notepad and
then slammed it shut. The notepad was
very small, though, so it came off less
dramatic than I think he wanted it to.
One day you're going to wake up and wish
you had been honest so that these dead
people could rest in peace. He slid the
thing across the table to me.
It was my foil Charizard sealed in a
little plastic case.
Bart donated the protector from his
baseball card collection
and then he left the room without a
friendly wave goodbye.
We haven't spoken since that day.
I probably hurt his feelings with the
thing about his son. I don't care.
Despite everything I've shown him, he
picks and chooses what he wants to
believe and what not to believe. I
probably did his son Bart a favor by
telling Guthrie he didn't like sports.
Hey. I look up from doodling in my
notebook. We're in the middle of a
social studies class and the teacher's
talking about Eli Whitney and the Cotton
Jin. I already know all about it, so
instead I'm drawing a picture of my blue
cat doll, Freddy Lapel, the one I last
saw Meredith in. I need to make some
flyers and put them up after school in
the hope that someone has seen her.
The boy in front of me has turned around
in his seat and is looking at me. He
doesn't cross himself when I meet his
gaze. Maybe he's been dared to see how
long he can last staring into my
soulless eyes. He's got shaggy blonde
hair and freckles all over his nose and
cheeks. And uh-oh, here comes the info
dump. His name is Ryan Blanchard.
I already knew that. Thanks, Brain.
Also, he's got a little brother named
Robbie and a much older sister named
Rebecca. Apparently, his parents have a
thing for names that start with R. They
also like to drop their three R children
off at a summer camp every July and
spend a week at a nudist colony. What? I
really didn't need to know about that.
Come on, brain. Give me a break. Don't
tell Ryan this. Of course. Poor kid
doesn't need to know his parents let
their dangly bits dangle while he's off
weaving baskets and getting poison ivy.
Did you really fight off a serial
killer? He whispers to me. I glance to
my right. The girl sitting there is
bugging her eyes out at him. She sees me
look and quickly crosses herself and
looks back down at her history book. I
don't tell her that she crossed herself
the wrong way. You're supposed to go
head, heart, shoulder, shoulder. She
crossed herself shoulders first, then
heart, then head. That doesn't mean
anything. You're just waving your hand
around.
No, I whispered to Ryan, looking back
down at my drawing of the doll
containing my best friend Meredith's
ghost. I wish I'd brought a darker shade
of blue marker with me to school. This
one is robin egg blue and it's way too
light. Freddy lapel is royal blue.
I just sat there and let him stab me.
Oh. He turns away. Then he turns back
and looks at my face again. This guy
really isn't afraid to get cursed, I
guess. Or maybe he doesn't believe in
curses.
I stare at him with my soul sucking
eyes.
Is that how you got that scar? He asks.
You know, like you do. I instinctively
reach up and touch the scar on my cheek.
I don't remember I have it half the
time, but when I do, it starts to itch.
No, I got this in a knife fight. Whoa.
He turns back around in his seat, but I
can still hear him whisper. Cool.
Someone nearby gives a snort like
they're trying to hide a laugh. I'm not
sure if they're actually trying to hide
it or they're trying to make it obvious
that they're laughing, but in a way that
they have plausible deniable later.
Plausible deniability means being able
to say you didn't do the things you did
because you do them in a way that nobody
can prove it. Like when Roger would take
my hand in the backseat of the car on
road trips and make me hit myself with
it so he could deny hitting me because
she was doing it to herself. Just ask
her.
Well, yeah. Getting in a knife fight.
Real cool. I'll be sure to thank Lisa
Welch for making me cool if I ever see
her again. I hope I never see her again.
I hope she slips on a banana peel and
falls down the stairs, breaking every
bone as she goes. I hope her bones heal
funny and she looks all crooked and bent
because daddy's a dentist, not a bone
doctor. Bet he'll wish he'd gone to bone
school then.
I finished drawing Meredith's doll
prison badly, I should add, and write,
"Have you seen this toy? Call and ask
for Lillian along with the phone number
for the foster care center." One poster
down, 99 more to go. There's a photocopy
machine at the Winslow library that
costs 10 cents a copy. I've got $10 in
my shoe that my care worker, Miss Darcy,
gave me for lunch for the week. $10 can
make a hundred copies. Cafeteria food
tastes like garbage anyway. Maybe it is
garbage. I don't know. I'll be honest. I
don't really eat the cafeteria food
because everyone else says it tastes
like garbage and I don't want to taste
garbage. For all I know, it could be
really freaking delicious and they just
say it tastes like garbage so there's
more for them. Anyway, I got $10 in my
shoe. Freckle-faced Ryan Blanchard turns
around again in his seat. I see the
teacher, Mr. Crombi, give him a glare.
Mr. Crombie is well aware of how much
every student in his class is paying
attention, except for me, that is. He
thinks I'm taking notes when I'm really
just making posters to find my lost cat
doll with the ghost trapped in it. Ryan
has approximately 10 seconds to ask
whatever the hell it is he's going to
ask me this time, and then Mr. Crombie
is going to chuck a piece of chalk at
him and tell him to turn around. Mr.
Crombie has really good aim, too. He was
the pitcher for his high school baseball
team back in the 60s, but he got his
sweetheart pregnant. Oh, stop it, brain.
Hey, that's a great drawing, Ryan says
about my shitty drawing. Can I get a
copy? I'll put it up in my neighborhood
for you. Really? I ask. Cross my heart
and hope to die. He crosses his heart. I
don't think he hopes to die, though.
Sure. I tear the paper out of my
notebook and hand it to him. I'll draw a
better one for the copy machine. Thanks.
He turns back around just as Mr. Crombie
is clenching his chalk piece in a
planned attack. Instead of throwing it,
he points it at Ryan and gives him a
look that says, "Do that one more time
and they'll be pulling this chalk out of
your skull down at the morg." From what
Guthrie told me, he'll have good company
at least. I spend lunch recreating the
missing doll poster. I still don't have
a good blue marker, so Freddy lapel
continues to be poorly represented, but
the gist of what he looks like is clear
enough, I think. Should I add a reward?
People might be more inclined to return
a missing cat doll if there's the
promise of a reward. The only thing is I
don't have any money except what Miss
Darcy gives me. I know I have some sort
of inheritance, but I don't have access
to it until I reach a certain age.
When I stop by my locker later, the
drawing I let Ryan take is taped to it.
Someone has written, "Call Lily Madwick
for hot sex and witch curses in sloppy
red handwriting." Placing the part of
the poster about the missing doll.
They drew over my crappy drawing of
Freddy lapel with a permanent marker to
make it look like your classic
representation of a witch in black with
a pointy hat and broom. Also, it smells
faintly like someone used the drawing to
wipe their butt. I can't imagine that
they would actually do that since the
paper would not be the least bit
comfortable, but there's definitely a
toilet smell.
A bunch of kids snicker and laugh when
they see me find the paper. Ryan is
there. He gets a high five from another
kid named Preston, whose family owns a
car dealership. There's a couple kids
who don't look happy about this prank,
but I know they'll never say anything.
None of them want to become the next
target for kids like Ryan and Preston.
And a few are afraid of me as evident by
the way they turn around and cross
themselves when they see me looking at
them.
I don't react. I just tear the drawing
down and wad it up to throw away.
People like Ryan want you to react. They
want to see you get mad or cry. The best
way to get them to stop is to not give
them what they want. Of course, as soon
as everyone turns away to go back to
pretending I don't exist, I take my
right pinky and with careful precision,
I cut the veil right where the butt of
Ryan's pants are. I've been practicing
the ability whenever I'm not at the
center where I'm staying so Pastor
doesn't find out. It took days to figure
out how to control exactly where the cut
was happening. If I done this on my
first day, I might have very well
dissected Ryan's intestines or
something. But instead, I just split the
seam in his pants.
He reaches back immediately, feeling his
pants split. I might have nicked his
butt cheek, too, but oh well. Nobody
notices. His face turned bright red when
he realizes his pants are split up the
butt crack. He looks around horrified,
afraid someone will notice and laugh at
him. He sees me looking back.
I raise an eyebrow at him, then turn,
shut my locker, and walk away. He's not
going to know what to think. Did I make
it happen? How could I have? I was
across the hall, nowhere near him. Did I
curse him? Yes, that's the conclusion
he'll probably reach. But he won't call
me out on it because that'll just draw
attention to his plight. And right now,
he's got three more classes to get
through while trying to make sure nobody
realizes what's happened. Sucks to be
you, Ryan. I won't give you what you
want from me, but I hope your butt
enjoys a breath of fresh air for the
next couple hours, jerk.
After school, I return to the center and
pick up Passure. We go to the library
together. I have to sign out where I'm
going so they know where I am. It's a
dumb rule because I could write that I'm
in the library, but really be in some
alley doing drugs or robbing a bank. Not
in the alley. I'd have to go to a bank
to do that. Alley is for drugs. Bank is
for robbing. Anyway, it only matters if
they go looking for you for some reason.
And nobody at the center cares enough to
go looking for me.
There's a familiar looking bicycle
chained outside the library when I get
there. I recognize it as I've borrowed
it a number of times.
It belongs to Jamal.
I was ready to handle more school
bullies. Maybe a child stabber or two,
but not Jamal.
What do I say to him? Sorry, Jamal. I
didn't want to punch you, but a demon
was possessing me at the time, and if I
hadn't done that, he might have killed
you instead.
That's actually not bad. And it's true.
I can't lie to Jamal. I mean, I can I've
done it a number of times, but I can't
lie to Jamal now because I feel awful
about punching him. You don't start an
apology with lies.
Maybe I can just avoid running into him
altogether.
As I approach the library's front door,
someone comes walking out backward,
pushing the door open with their butt
because they've got a bunch of books in
their hands.
And of course, it's Jamal. He looks
right at me. Crap. He doesn't say a
word, just walks over to his bicycle and
puts the books in a backpack hanging off
the rungs. Leave it to Jamal to lock a
bike, but leave the backpack where
anybody can snatch it. He's such a goof
sometimes. After emptying his hands, he
turns toward me, still not saying a
word, and walks right up to me, just
staring me in the face.
Jamal, I'm He throws his arms up. I
flinch, thinking he's going to punch me.
Instead, he wraps them around me and
hugs me tight. I go while stiff because
maybe he's planning on crushing me in
some sort of bear hug embrace move. If
you go stiff, then when they squeeze,
you can go slack and slide right out of
their arms. I imagine it works less well
on actual bears.
I'm glad you're okay. He digs his chin
into my shoulder. I reach up and pat him
on the back because I'm not sure what
else to do. After a moment, he puts his
hands on my shoulders and holds me at a
distance like my nana used to do when
she was sizing me up. I call it the let
me look at you. Oh my, look how you've
grown maneuver.
Jamal smiles for a second, but then
turns serious.
I heard about what happened with that
crazy guy who tried to kill you. I
wanted to visit you in the hospital, but
he looks away.
He doesn't have to say why he didn't.
His father wouldn't let him.
He doesn't like me. I can't blame him. I
don't like myself a lot of the time, and
I'd punched his son. Punch somebody's
kid, and they aren't too keen on letting
that kid around you again. And the
younger the kid, the more likely they
are to keep you apart.
The same goes for old people. The older
they are, the worse off for anyone who
punches them. It's like there's some age
somewhere between being a baby and being
a dusty old mummy where it's perfectly
all right to punch that person. But
leading up to it and away from it,
things get progressively worse for you
if you do it. Unless you're a real
little kid who doesn't know this weird
punching people rule, then you just get
scolded and told not to do it again.
That's your one time free punch of
pretty much anybody. I highly suggest
spending it before you reach 6 years old
because that's about the time free punch
goes away and you're expected to know
not to do it even if you haven't yet.
But still don't punch babies. That's
never okay.
I thought you'd be mad at me, I say,
examining my shoes. I'm not really
looking at them for any reason except
that I can't look him in the eyes.
Checking my shoes for dirt or stuff is a
good excuse for looking down.
you know, for hitting you. He puts a
hand on his chin and pretends to adjust
his jaw. Was that you? I thought that
was someone else pretending to be you.
Why are you being so calm about this? I
said awful things and then I punched
you.
We look at each other for a moment. Then
I turn back to my shoes. They have
little sparkly stars on the laces. You
can only tell when the sun hits them
just right. Or a strong flashlight. They
actually glow in the dark, too. The
stars do, not the shoelaces. I figure it
must be for when you're trying to find
your shoes in the dark.
Did you mean them? The things you said.
And the punch. Did you mean that? He
asks.
Passure is looking up at me. He hasn't
said anything. Just hanging from my hand
and listening.
Maybe he's not there again, but I have
this feeling in my gut that he is and
he's watching.
No, I say finally. That wasn't me.
I don't tell him that the words were
furers, nor that the punching I did only
because I was afraid that if I didn't,
Ferrer would hurt him worse. Jamal
believes me when I tell him about
things, but would he believe me that I
was possessed?
Sometimes people say and do things they
don't mean when they're hurting inside.
He says like he's a sage on a
mountaintop passing down wisdom to a
weary traveler. They already feel bad.
When someone hurts you, you can either
hold a grudge and let it continue
hurting or you can forgive them and help
them heal. I vote for holding the
grudge. After all, splitting Ryan
Blanchard's pants in the middle of the
school was very satisfying. Maybe
tomorrow I'll help him heal. But not
today. He squeezes my shoulder.
You've had so much awful stuff happen to
you. Enough to drown an adult. And
you're only what, 11? I forget when your
birthday is. I'm sorry. Anyway, you and
me, we should be going to school,
playing outside, reading comic books,
catching fireflies, digging up worms,
and going down to the brook to fish with
our parents, not visiting their graves,
and hiding from serial killers.
He pauses to let his words sink in.
Someday he'll be a great public speaker
and give lots of speeches.
You aren't the cause of these things,
Lily. This is happening to you. What
kind of friend would I be if I can't
take a hit when you're at your lowest?
He leaves after that.
I don't watch him go because my eyes are
kind of blurry and watery, but I hear
the clicketity clack of his bicycle
chain as he pedals away.
I just stare down at the ground and my
glow-in-the-dark shoelaces and watch a
tear fall onto the tongue of my shoe.
Passure still doesn't say anything.
Did you feed him all that to say? I ask
finally.
Passure makes a chuckling snort. No,
that's just who he is.
I slide my backpack off my shoulder and
pull out the shitty drawing of Freddy
lapel that I made to replace the worst
one that Ryan ruined at school.
Will we find Meredith? If we do, I can't
see it happening. I've tried and tried
to focus, but the future is fuzzy, like
the higher channels on a TV without
cable. A blurry picture that you can
just make out bits and pieces of. Are
you watching Flight of the Navigator or
something inappropriate? You can't even
tell. You just know that there's a sleek
silverl looking thing flying around and
everything's tinted purple and there's
no sound. And when your parents catch
you, you're going to be sent back to
bed.
Yes. Passure says Meredith's not gone.
She's just hidden somewhere. And
wherever that is, we will find it. I
feel pretty certain.
You're not just saying that to make me
feel better, are you? I ask him. I don't
want any false hope. There's no such
thing as false hope, Lily. There's just
hope.
I wipe my eyes with the back of my
sleeve. I hope we find her. I hope so,
too.
We walk into the Winslow library
together. Shawn the librarian smiles and
waves from the card catalog where he's
helping a high school student named
Francis find a book on the pelpeneisian
war using the dewy decimal system. He's
going to get a B+ on the report mostly
for grammatical errors and a lack of
specificity regarding the outcomes of
the major battles. Oh, for the love of
Pete. Stop.
Hey there kids. It's me, Mr. Creepy
Pasta, and I just wanted to tell you
thank you so much for watching tonight's
video or for listening to tonight's
episode of the podcast. It's a brand new
year, which means a brand new time for
content. We're doing our best to bring
you the newest things. I know in 2024, I
had released less videos than I ever had
any year in the last 14 years, but hey,
um, as things start to piece themselves
back together, so do I. So, I will be
seeing you guys a bit more in this year.
I promise you. And as always, I want to
give a very big thank you to everybody
who supports me over at Patreon. That's
patreon.com/mrcreppep
pasta. I cannot thank you guys enough.
Thank you guys so much for being
supporters. That goes for everybody who
was down in the description as well as
asset system. Ball arms the rat, Blake
Rattler, Brandon Mendoza, Rena Crow,
Brimstone Pandemonium, Caluna, Chain
Smoker Dealer, Chicago Hitman, Cory
Genchin, Cronut 508, Crusader Choco,
Curs Primark, Dakota Best, Bagel Pulson,
Dante Concade, Diana Krauss, Ellie
Hutmire, Enchanted Buns, Estamine,
Jenna, Hades Nephew, Kimbo Derry, Our
Minute Second Time, Jay Ke, Jennis Pet,
Jordan Humble, King Crab, Mr. Marcus
Blitz, Old Penguin, Peaceful Buddha,
Psychome, Red Shadow Cat, Remember the
Sun, Rinku Star, Salty Surprise, Samine,
Secclude, Simba's Bloody Mojo, Sky
Harbor, Smiley, the Psychotic, Sully
Man, Tali Sue, The Chavez Brothers.
Thank you guys so much for being here.
Thank you for listening. Thank you for
watching. In sweet dreams.